Older brother
Will you marry me?
Miss Wang, please respect your father.
Miss Wang, the scar on your face has been removed.
With his looks and background.
Will find a better husband soon.
Great, Ms. Vuong.
Congratulations on restoring your appearance.
But Truong Huc Dong, he is my boyfriend.
I don't mind dreaming with my sister.
Jiu Jia, that love is good.
We will report first.
Thank you for saving Tieu Ly.
If you have anything in the future, just come find me.
Vuong Mo must go first.
Stole through the Nine Houses.
Sorry.
I just don't want to marry Trieu Van Kiet.
I didn't expect it to cause you so much trouble.
no thanks
I was able to meet a great person like Vuong Cuu.
More than knowing
Are you going to be someone's son-in-law?
Mr. Wook.
Miss Wang is due to her childish temperament.
So...
What kind of girl is that?